welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to examine a monument in
1980s consumerism with the film night of
the comet in the process of doing so if
you find yourself enjoying the video I'd
love to have you as a subscriber
let's get to it we open on an ear to
voice discussing a long-lost cosmic
visitor with an orbit so elliptical it
hasn't buzzed us with its dusty tail
since the dinosaur extinction only a
small number of eggheads view this is
more than a coincidence while the rest
of the masses of cynical idiots find it
a reason to celebrate this creates a
perfect merchandising opportunity as
this theater manager spends an excessive
amount of time trying to hard sell some
gag antennae while he's distracted with
this Regina spends her shift
speedrunning tempest dominating the
leaderboards she then halfway gets to
work hiding away in the projection room
and calling her sister Samantha she's
trying to coordinate alibis so she can
have an adult-oriented Comet watching
party turns out Doris doesn't give two
craps what they do so long as they don't
upset their father
that evening the comet slides through
creating some unusual atmospheric events
in Regina cuddles up in the quiet bunker
like projection room with Larry who
based on his position appears to be
engaged in some cheeky ass play the next
morning the Sun rises on a world
unencumbered by the scourge of humanity
evidenced by sporadic piles of dust and
empty clothing larry wakes up grumpy
with the sleeping bag stuck to his
urethra and storms off to secure a film
reel he loaned out reggie emerges
shortly after unsure of what to make of
the free bikini briefs strewn about she
gets locked out and has to go around the
side where she finds Larry's keys and
bike conspicuously present we get a hint
of what likely happened when she's
confronted by some sort of half zombie
who fails to heed her warnings so she
Tunes him up a bit high kicking his face
in she then goes for a surreal ride
across a desolate downtown LA soon
arriving at her family home she proceeds
carefully in her double-breasted blouse
and finds Samantha alive and completely
unaware Sam spent the night in the
steelyard shed to give Doris the
impression she had run away and she's
not easily convinced that the apocalypse
is upon them so when the DJ makes some
date specific comments they decide to
drive to the station unfortunately Steve
Laveau now only exists in recorded form
a gunman emerges from the shadows and
demands to check their eyes after being
sufficiently lost in them he's can
they're not Comet zombies Hector and
Regina shared their survivor battle
stories and he recommends they stick
together for survival purposes of course
while they sort this out Sam plays DJ
and gets a call on the hit line she
explains the caller identified himself
as a member of a think tank that had
prepped for this event but he hung up
before she could get more information we
learned the thinker's are enacting a
plan of survival and that the effects of
the comet are degenerative for some
folks who only had minor exposure and
they're trying to round up survivors
before they turn into full zombies that
night Hector reveals his plans to visit
San Diego to check on his mom and also
does a quick check of Regina's situation
as they get to know each other it leaves
Samantha feeling utterly isolated and
alone
the next day finds the girls working to
keep their skills up and having an
argument about whether Reggie made it
with Hector because Sam wanted a crack
at him they eventually laughs off their
unresolved rivalries burying it deep
down inside
meanwhile Hector goes to San Diego and
finds his mother's house empty as
expected
feeling awkward about their emotional
vulnerabilities the girls get creative
with killing time which means an epic
mall montage but a roving band of
creepers announced themselves prompting
the girls to strap up after a brief game
of cat-and-mouse they find themselves
unable to overcome the gangs superior
numbers and get jammed up
luckily the group of tankers pick up
their trail and deduce their most likely
location where would adolescence with
nothing to do go there's successful
deduction results in them saving the
girls from the now half zombies just in
the nick of time ultimately they only
take reg back to the bunker keeping Sam
under the auspices of her leading them
to Hector instead they euthanize her
recognizing that she's slowly becoming
zombified and doesn't have long to live
unfortunately for Oscar dr. white is so
conflicted by the moral ambiguity of the
group's mission she finds that only by
shooting him can she ease her troubled
conscience Petra then returns to the
station dressed as sexy Santa only to
find a forgetful dr. white succumbing to
the comet sickness and failing to
remember what she's even doing there
luckily she wrote it all down for him
before going ahead and falling asleep
until the end of time back at the bunker
we see the thinker's are all becoming
forgetful themselves and if they're
actually using the survivors to harvest
their sweet sweet blood to make a serum
that will cure their Comets sickness
about this time reg gets a weird vibe
from dr. Carter who drops all pretenses
and admits they killed Sam your sisters
dead so she quickly becomes the
architect of her own escape at about
this time Hector arrives at the front
gate and he asks the guard if he's ever
seen
body curiosity piqued he takes a gander
at a less interesting live girl dr.
white having faked Sam's death with a
less than lethal dose of tranquilizer
Hector then wires up the outside while
Sam cuts the generators inadvertently
killing all the brain-dead blood bags
reg finds a couple of kids and Sam and
they make it out to the car where Hector
pulls a short distance away enticing the
chase to ensure they blow the
pyrotechnics they then rush into taken
the pungent odor of burning flesh a
comforting memory they'll carry to their
graves one cleansing rain later
everything's all better and the
survivors become a fine upstanding
family everyone eventually pairing off
to repopulate the earth with a
disturbingly high rate of genetic
homogeneity and that was 9 - the common
and often overlooked predecessor - more
popular later work like Buffy the
Vampire Slayer but this film was
competently shot provides an eerie
atmosphere and genuinely stands on its
own if you enjoy the video I'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching